Add missing meta descriptions (#235)
mongodb/docs-php-library: source/reference/method/MongoDBCollection-createIndexes.txt

MongoDB\\Collection::createIndexes()
====================================

.. meta::

>    :description: Create one or more indexes for a collection using `MongoDB\Collection::createIndexes()` with options for unique, compound, and 2dsphere indexes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :description: Create one or more indexes for a collection with the MongoDB PHP Library with options for unique, compound, and 2dsphere indexes.
```
